{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 TXP-Network SWD :: Looking for Collaborators!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Started
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0  :: September 2012\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Objective
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0  :: to create and maintain an Open-Source, Free platform for developers and end-users alike\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 Core Values
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0  :: Honesty, Integrity, Intuition, Kindness, Creativity\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 Requirements
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0  :: a working knowledge of [C/C++], [Netwide ASM], [HTML/XML/JQuery/CSS], and/or [Php/SQL]\

\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 Recommended
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0  (in addition to at least two of the [\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 Requirements\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 ]) :: a working knowledge of [Software/Hardware interaction at the Machine level], [the Client/Server model and how packets are handled], and/or [how Memory/Filesystem Management works in *NIX operating systems]\
Main Projects :: TXP-VOS, TXP-Cloud\
Hello! The name's TopHat. As you read above, I am in need of some assistance with completing a few projects. These projects are ones that have been going for years, and could use a few extra hands for programming and debugging. The two projects in question are:\
TXP-VOS :: An Operating System development project started in 2012\
TXP-Cloud :: A multi-user File Management System designed for ease of access and communication\
Both of these projects have been rewritten several times, and I believe it's time to push for a finalized project. These have been going through development for a while, and need to reach their intended conclusion. These systems are intended to be as simple as possible, and are being created with little-to-no money. As such, I can't pay anyone - not even myself. As such, you'll want to keep the day job. This is being done without pay, from the bottom of my heart. What I can provide is the chance to create something new and the ability to put your name on a project that may or may not change the way people see software.\'a0If you are interested, feel free to contact me at:\
TopHatProductions115@gmail.com}